Psalm 112 praise the Lord
blessed is the man who fears the Lord
who delights greatly in his commandments
his descendants will be mighty on earth
the generation of the upright will be
blessed wealth and riches will be in his
house and his righteousness endures
forever unto the upright there arises
light in the darkness he is gracious and
full of compassion and righteous a good
man deals graciously and lends he will
guide his affairs with discretion surely
he will never be shaken the righteous
will be in everlasting remembrance he
will not be afraid of evil tidings his
heart is steadfast trusting in the Lord
his heart is established he will not be
afraid until he sees his desire upon his
enemies he has dispersed abroad he has
given to the poor his righteousness
endures forever
his horn will be exalted with honor the
wicked will see it and be grieved he
will gnash his teeth and melt away the
desire of the wicked shall perish